ASHER MOLOTOV
Racial background: Polish, Russian, Japanese and Chinese in pretty much equal capacity. His father's side is Polish and Russian immigrants, and his mother is the product of a Chinese-Japanese couple who came in from Japan. 
Cultural background: Pretty much born and raised American due to the fact that his mother died shortly after he was born. 
Family background: Raised by just his dad as his mother died soon after his birth. His father was dead-set on producing a soldier for the US military, like himself. Adam's father is not a transphobe but is physically and emotionally abusive and materially neglectful. The main thing Max Fedulov has over Marty Armstrong is that he never sexually abused his children. Otherwise, Adam's material conditions growing up are strangely similar to Brad's.
Work history: Has worked in the restaurant industry for most of his adult life, first as a dish washer and then making his way up to line cook. Not super glamorous or rewarding, but he does like to cook. His prior place of employment before he was kidnapped and put into Yado's bunker was at a classic American diner called Four Sisters, as it was owned and run by a set of four quintuplet sisters.


MATT TUSSLE
Racial Background: Primarily WASPy but there's a little bit of both white Latino and Mexican in there. The upshot to the latter is that while his standard skintone is pale, he tans well and doesn't tend to get sunburn.
Cultural/Family background: Staunchly Christian - comes from a Quiverful family, and hates it. His take is that the only full quiver someone should have is a literal one for their bow. He did have one aunt he got along well with, though, but of course she passed in the Flash.
Work history: Has some begrudging experience with farm work, as his family ran a farm and basically used their kids as free labor. To be fair that is kind of how agriculture has worked since antiquity.



AMINAH BURAKGAZI
Racial background: White, Native American and Mexican on the mom's side, Turkish and Yemenese on the dad's side. 
Cultural background: Aminah initially grew up in a mixed-faith household (Muslim dad, Catholic mom) until they divorced. 
Family background: After the divorce, her mother turned into a highly petulant and unwelcoming person. 
Aminah confessed to wanting to be a girl to her mother - an unwise descision to try to bond with her mother, who labeled her kid as a deviant and as being possessed by a demon, and had her sent to a conversion "therapy" institution, which was extremely traumatic, as one would expect.
Her father sued for custody after this point and miraculously won. Aminah is thus not as scarred by the experience as one might assume, and has managed to become a somewhat well adjusted person.
Work history: Aminah followed in the footsteps of her father (a computer engineer) by becoming a software engineer. This was very early into the life of the internet, and she was one of the first people providing cybersecurity in the dot-com era and beyond.

